all right today I'm going to make sushi
hand rolls now this is actually pretty
easy compared to the rest of the rolling
for sushi but it consists of your same
ingredients you know you've got your
sushi rice you get your favorite sushi
meat and your veggies then of course you
got to make your spicy sauce now
starting that with your rice it's pretty
meticulous I'm not going to go through
the whole thing but with your rice
you've got to have the right grain the
right kind of rice you've got to do a
whole process what's cleaning it rinsing
it several times letting it soak and
then after you cook it and you've got to
do this rice vinegar sugar and salt
mixture and yada yada yada anyway
there's sushi rice videos online if you
want to look that up right now I'm just
going to show you how to do the roll
once everything is pretty much prepared
I've already got my scallions my
cucumber right here I'm going to mix the
spice that goes into the spicy mayo that
goes into the Aussie tunics I'm going to
make a spicy tuna hand roll here and of
course I've got my nori and I've got my
rice ready to go so let's now I've got
this beautiful tuna steak here it's
almost an inch thick and it all cost me
a couple bucks
sometimes it varies in price and whatnot
you know the better the tuna obviously
but this is ahi tuna that's what I'm
going to be using it's my favorite to
use for a spicy tuna hand-roll veggies
white you know I've just got a scallions
in the cucumber like I mentioned a
moment ago if you can do you know
various things you know a lot of times
people like to use avocado in there but
we're going to do is we're going to
slice this up into small little pieces
because we're going to mix it with the
spicy mayo and I'll show you how to make
that it's real simple it's just use here
with this service and the mail and we'll
get to that there we go now you can see
I chopped it all up and I did it cross
grain so I can get all these little
individual pieces here and I can just
mix it all up here with a fork and whip
it really good when I make this spicy
meal now this is really simple if you
haven't seen this
by now then you've probably never eaten
anywhere else Chinese why Japanese wise
Buffet wise who she was anywhere you
ought to know this at least somewhere
really spicy really thought and the
beautiful thing is is you add as much as
you want to your spicy taste you know if
you don't want so much you want a lot
whatever but if you've never really mix
it before use it sparingly so you don't
you don't overpower your palate
and I'm just going to mix a little bit
of that in there right now and you can
stir it up just like fry sauce and if
you don't know what fry sauce is well
then you're not an American get some
nice color in that get a good pink as
you can see not a big deal and then what
I'll be doing here we'll come to the
Augie tuna and we'll just pile that on
in there mix it all up get ready for the
mixture here stir it all in together and
then we'll get going with the nori stuck
in the rice and move from there okay
there as you can see that are all mixed
up it's all incorporated good deal
where'd it go
now let's get the nori case you can know
this is the nori the the toasted seaweed
you want to put the shiny side down the
texture side up and going to work your
dice here there's about a cup of ice
always get your hand wet so it doesn't
stick to you because it gets a little
insane if it does but you take about
half game out there and we'll just plop
that right down there in the middle and
mash that out and what you want
is a spacing right here diagonally a lot
of different ways to do this actually
I've seen several different ways
whatever is comfortable but this is a
good way okay it can match your finger
right down there in the middle so you
can start laying in the gigs buy the
goods I mean the veggies okay start with
the veggies first couple bits of
cucumber okay
no big deal doesn't have to be perfect
and then right over the top of it we're
going to start dumping in a spicy tuna
now you can't just go as much as you
want in there unfortunately you can only
roll so much but you want to keep the
bulk of it up top because that's just
like an ice cream cone where the bulk is
going to fit in the let's run out down
inside the roll okay and that's probably
good about right there all right now the
tricky part now is doing the roll okay
the easiest way is to go ahead and just
take this thing slide it like this off
in to your hand like so I almost lost it
see how tedious it can be not a big deal
to just roll it just like this right
over like an ice cream cone keep the
bottom tucked tight roll it around roll
it around
keep on working it baby keep on working
it baby right down here in the bottom
corner I'm going to take just one little
rice right here mash it and that's going
to help me stick it to the bottom right
there just like that okay now to top it
off some scallions
and there you have it one spicy tuna
hand roll right here in the poor man's
gourmet kitchen